TODO.md, before:

## TODO
- Moderation Commands
  - [ ] `/announcement <message>` (presumably using a multi-line text edit control, assuming you can fit an entire message in there, that is) 
  - [ ] `/skip ( "Glyph" | "Ambigram" )` Mark next week as special. 
  - [x] `/submit ( "Glyph" | "Ambigram" ) <prompt>` 
    - [x] Display a preview of the announcement message (or just outright send it in the bot chat or whatever) and add a ‘Confirm’ button.
  - [ ] `/userdata <user> <entry> <value>`
- User Commands
  - [ ] `/help <topic>` Show help information for a specific topic. Specifically: `commands` to list all commands (only list moderation commands if the user is a moderator).
  - [x] `/nickname` 
  - [ ] `/profile`
    - [x] self
    - [ ] others
    - [ ] button to change nickname 
    - [ ] claim old submissions/wins (can’t the bot just download the entire message history of the channels in question and simply calculate this for all users that way?)
  - [ ] `/weekinfo ( "Glyph" | "Ambigram" ) <week>` 
- Events
  - [x] Add submission on reaction add
  - [x] Remove submission on reaction remove 
- Weekly Tasks
  - [ ] Remind moderators the day before or so if they haven’t selected a topic for next week’s challenge(s) yet or marked that week as special for either challenge. 
  - [ ] Send weekly announcement message.
    - [ ] Automatically generate an image for the announcement message given a glyph (and optionally a font name, link to a font, and a size).
  - [ ] Send last week’s submissions message.
    - [ ] Automatically generate a panel of all submissions from the previous week.
  - [ ] Send hall of fame message for the week before.
    - [ ] Automatically generate images for this, if any.

Commit message:

[Commands] /submit also saves the prompt in the DB now

TODO.md, after:

## TODO
- Moderation Commands
  - [ ] `/announcement <message>` Edit an announcement message sent by the bot (presumably using a multi-line text edit control, assuming you can fit an entire message in there, that is) 
  - [ ] `/skip ( "Glyph" | "Ambigram" )` Mark next week as special. 
  - [x] `/submit ( "Glyph" | "Ambigram" ) <prompt>` 
    - [x] Display a preview of the announcement message (or just outright send it in the bot chat or whatever) and add a ‘Confirm’ button.
  - [ ] `/userdata <user> <entry> <value>`
- User Commands
  - [ ] `/help <topic>` Show help information for a specific topic. Specifically: `commands` to list all commands (only list moderation commands if the user is a moderator).
  - [x] `/nickname` 
  - [ ] `/profile`
    - [x] self
    - [ ] others
    - [ ] button to change nickname 
    - [ ] claim old submissions/wins (can’t the bot just download the entire message history of the channels in question and simply calculate this for all users that way?)
  - [ ] `/weekinfo ( "Glyph" | "Ambigram" ) <week>` 
- Events
  - [x] Add submission on reaction add
  - [x] Remove submission on reaction remove 
- Weekly Tasks
  - [ ] Remind moderators the day before or so if they haven’t selected a topic for next week’s challenge(s) yet or marked that week as special for either challenge. 
  - [ ] Send weekly announcement message.
    - [x] Automatically generate an image for the announcement message given a glyph (and optionally a font name, link to a font, and a size).
    - [ ] During each week, we also post the announcement image with the week and glyph in the #glyph-submissions or #ambigram-submissions as a lil chat divider 
  - [ ] Send last week’s submissions message.
    - [ ] Automatically generate a panel of all submissions from the previous week.
  - [ ] Send hall of fame message for the week before.
    - [ ] Automatically generate images for this, if any.
